# KeyboardSoundPlayer

KeyboardSoundPlayer is a program written in python that allows you to play a certain mp3 file when a certain key is
pressed. You can use an already made mp3, or paste in a YouTube url and have KeyboardSoundPlayer convert it to and mp3 for you.
The code for the GUI can be found here https://github.com/JGLTechnologies/KeyboardSoundPlayerGUI

### <a href="https://jgltechnologies.com/KeyboardSoundPlayer/download">Download</a>

## config

This is the documentation for the config window in KeyboardSoundPlayer.

    channels:
        type: integer
        default: 8
        description: Number of sounds that can be played at once
    gender:
        type: text
        default: male
        description: The gender of the voice used for autogenerated mp3 files
    rate:
        type: integer
        default: 170
        description: The speed of the voice used for autogenerated mp3 files
    exit_key:
        type: text
        default: esc
        description: Press this key 5 times in 2 seconds to close the program
    port:
        type: int
        default: 6238
        description: The port used to communicate between the gui and the sound player (Don't change unless the default port is causing errors) 
    ask_for_updates:
        type: true/false
        default: true
        description: Should KeyboardSoundPlayer ask you to update if there is one available

## keys

In the main window of KeyboardSoundPlayer Three blue buttons. These buttons allow you to map a sound to a certain key on your keyboard.
The YouTube URL button lets you bind a sound from a YouTube video to a key. The MP3 File button allows you to select an MP3 file to bind t a certain key.
The Text button allows you to type text that KeyboardSoundPlayer turns into an MP3. You can also use the Text button for functions.
See the section bellow to learn how to map a function to a key.

## Functions

Functions can be bound to a certain key.

Functions:

    reset():
        description: Clear all of the audio channels
    toggle():
        description: Toggle the sound player. If it is toggled off then none of the commands work until it is toggled on.
    pause():
        description: Pause all sounds
    unpause():
        description: Unpause all sounds

## Extra Info

To play a sound when any key is pressed name the key "all" in keys.json or directly add an all.mp3 file.
    
